The following is Soft Arts's standard policy on upgrades and transfers of
modules provided by us:


REVISION UPGRADES
=================

Upgrades are free to registered owners for the major revision life of the
product. This means that while the module's major revision number is not
changed, users may obtain free revisions by simply downloading the current
revision from our file libraries on demosys.gcomm.com or any other location
where the modules are available.

At our sole discretion, Soft Arts may choose to change the major revision
number of any module because of significant changes to the module or other
factors determined by Soft Arts to necessitate a major revision change.  If
this occurs, Soft Arts may also choose to make the new major revision
available to existing customers without charge, in which case users may
receive activation codes on an individual basis by e-mailing us and
requesting a new code.  Major revision numbers may change in any direction
necessary to facilitate easy module and product management, and a major
revision number change in a negative direction may not be construed as
granting any rights to current users to acquire that revision, other than
those granted as a result of the exercise of Soft Arts' discretion as stated
above.

If Soft Arts determines that the new major revision will not be the subject
of an automatic upgrade, existing users may obtain upgrades after payment of
the stipulated upgrade fee, as well as proving ownership of the previous
major revision of the Soft Arts module.  Ownership of a Soft Arts module may
be proved either by faxing a copy of your Invoice, or simply by submitting to
us your Worldgroup Registration number and the matching module activation
code which will allow us to verify your ownership.


PLATFORM/LINE COUNT UPGRADES
============================

Upgrades between platforms or line counts for registered Soft Art's modules
are available for the price difference between the respective platforms
and/or line counts.

Please do not request upgrades to modules which were not purchased from us
as we are unable to upgrade modules on this basis and there can be no
exceptions to this principle.  Upgrades of this sort imply a recognition of
previous income received from the sale of the module which is not the case
where the module was not sold by us in the first place.  The acquisition of
modules by us from other vendors is on a copyright and source code basis
only except in the particular instance where we have been requested to
service the vendor's existing customer base and in that case the purchasing
arrangements reflect this request.  In such a case, we advise existing users
that they are eligible for upgrades to our modules.  Except as stated
however, under no other circumstances are we able to provide upgrade pricing
to users who have not purchased the module from us.


TRANSFERS
=========

Transfers will be allowed only after receipt by us of a notarized instrument
signed by the Transferor and the Transferee indicating that the product has
been transferred from one to the other.  The instrument need not follow any
strict form of words but must contain in the body a clear statement to the
effect that the Transferor understands that his/her rights to use the
software are hereby terminated on Transfer to the Transferee, and that he/she
understands that it is a breach of copyright law and international
regulations and Soft Arts' copyright for him/her to continue to use the
software after the Transfer has been approved by Soft Arts.

A transfer fee of $25.00 per module must be paid for each transfer in
addition to the above requirment.  Soft Arts reserves the right to change
this fee without notice to any party.

Please note that Soft Arts reserves the right to refuse to accept
registration of any transfer which would have the effect of violating our
upgrade policy, unless the Transferee agrees to the necessary upgrade.  An
example of this would be in a case where the module being transferred is
not at the current major revision level, which would necessitate the
Transferee agreeing to pay the necessary upgrade fee to bring the module
current before we could agree to accepting the transfer.


P. Alexander Beswick
Managing Director

Soft Arts Ltd.
66 & 68 Barry Street
1st Floor
Kingston
Jamaica, W.I.

Tel.#s: (876) 922-5201/5173 (Voice)
        (876) 922-9036      (Fax)
        (876) 922-7990      (BBS)
E-mail: bladerunner@colis.com

(last revision: 28 Jan 1998).